Doc update with minor corrections (#7132)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/v1.0/concepts/nodeclasses.md

By default, the number of pods on a node is limited by both the number of networking interfaces (ENIs) that may be attached to an instance type and the number of IP addresses that can be assigned to each ENI.  See [IP addresses per network interface per instance type](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-eni.html#AvailableIpPerENI) for a more detailed information on these instance types' limits.

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

> By default, the VPC CNI allocates IPs for a node and pods from the same subnet. With [VPC CNI Custom Networking](https://aws.github.io/aws-eks-best-practices/networking/custom-networking), the pods will receive IP addresses from another subnet dedicated to pod IPs. This approach makes it easier to manage IP addresses and allows for separate Network Access Control Lists (NACLs) applied to your pods. VPC CNI Custom Networking reduces the pod density of a node since one of the ENI attachments will be used for the node and cannot share the allocated IPs on the interface to pods. Karpenter supports VPC CNI Custom Networking and similar CNI setups where the primary node interface is separated from the pods interfaces through a global environment variable `RESERVED_ENIS`, see [Settings](https://karpenter.sh/v1.0/reference/settings/). In the common case, `RESERVED_ENIS` should be set to `"1"` if using Custom Networking.

Reviewer: Updated suggestion, using a ref and dropping the configmap pin:
```suggestion
By default, the VPC CNI allocates IPs for a node and pods from the same subnet. With [VPC CNI Custom Networking](https://aws.github.io/aws-eks-best-practices/networking/custom-networking), the pods will receive IP addresses from another subnet dedicated to pod IPs. This approach makes it easier to manage IP addresses and allows for separate Network Access Control Lists (NACLs) applied to your pods. VPC CNI Custom Networking reduces the pod density of a node since one of the ENI attachments will be used for the node and cannot share the allocated IPs on the interface to pods. Karpenter supports VPC CNI Custom Networking and similar CNI setups where the primary node interface is separated from the pods interfaces through a global environment variable `RESERVED_ENIS`, see [Settings]({{<ref "./settings" >}}). In the common case, `RESERVED_ENIS` should be set to `"1"` if using Custom Networking.
```
